Current core formal spec for WebAssembly Exception Handling (#121)
WebAssembly/exception-handling: document/core/syntax/types.rst

.. math::
   \begin{array}{llll}
   \production{reference type} & \reftype &::=&

>      \FUNCREF ~|~ \EXTERNREF ~|~ \EXNREF \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     \FUNCREF ~|~ \EXNREF ~|~ \EXTERNREF \\
```

   \end{array}

The type |FUNCREF| denotes the infinite union of all references to :ref:`functions <syntax-func>`, regardless of their :ref:`function types <syntax-functype>`.

The type |EXTERNREF| denotes the infinite union of all references to objects owned by the :ref:`embedder <embedder>` and that can be passed into WebAssembly under this type.

> The type |EXNREF| denotes the infinite union of all references to exception :ref:`events <syntax-event>`, regardless of their :ref:`event types <syntax-eventtype>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The type |EXNREF| denotes the a caught exception :ref:`event <syntax-event>`.
```
(there is only one such type, so no union.)
Nit: also, move before externref paragraph.

   \production{exception type} &\exntype &::=& \functype \\
   \end{array}

Because :ref:`exceptions <syntax-exn>` have a :ref:`valid <valid-exn>` |exntype|,
it is an invariant of the semantics that the function type :math:`\functype` has empty result type.

> The parameters of |functype| define the list of values associated with the exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameters of |functype| define the list of values associated with the exception.
Furthermore, it is an invariant of the semantics that every |functype| in a :ref:`valid <valid-exntype>` exception type has an empty result type.

.. note::
   Future versions of WebAssembly may allow non-empty result types in exceptions.
```

Author: For some reason I can't add this to the batch, I'll make the change in the next commit.
